[PDFUnlocker] Update to support unlock more encryption types (#30129)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_12_34.md

#### Scripts

##### PDFUnlocker

> - Update the script to use the pikepdf library instead of PyPDF2 in order to support unlock more encryption types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated to use the pikepdf library instead of PyPDF2 in order to unlock more types of encryption.
```
